[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> We're here at the Parliament
of the World Religions,
a very unique and unusual
conference that first started
in 1893, where religious
leaders and representatives from
different faiths come together
to get on the same page
and actually solve
the world's problems.
The things we were told
would harm us are actually
proving to do the opposite.
Drugs like MDMA, mushrooms,
marijuana, LSD, and ayahuasca
are helping resolve
serious mental issues.
Join us as we explore
for ourselves the healing
powers of psychedelics and
other mindful practices.
Here at the conference, you
have all kinds of religions.
There's Islam, Hindu,
Christianity, the big ones,
and then also ones that
I've never heard of before.
This year is of particular
note, because for the first time
ever, the spiritual
practices of ayahuasca
and their many stewards,
indigenous people
from the Amazon, ICEERS,
and the Santo Daime,
have been invited to share
their work with this plant
on a global stage.
Ayahuasca is
actually two plants.
A complex brew originating
in the Amazon jungle.
And its rapid rise
in popularity is
credited to how effective it
is in helping people overcome
serious mental issues like
addiction, depression, PTSD,
and trauma.
For the indigenous
people, it is a practice
held for hundreds if
not thousands of years,
essential to their way of life.
How do these plants work to
help us evolve spiritually
and to connect to
our true nature?
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> The drinking of ayahuasca
in a ceremony is the core
of their spiritual traditions.
>> Here's the fascinating thing,
all the other groups here can
talk very openly about their
religion and their spiritual
paths and share with
people how to participate.
Ayahuasca, because of the laws
in the US, is very interesting.
We're here and we can talk
about this spiritual path,
however, the main
component of it,
which is the sacrament,
in this context,
ayahuasca is still
illegal in most places.
So I've got these
amazing beautiful people
coming here and saying,
I'm very interested,
where can I do this?
I say, I can't
tell you anything.
[LAUGHS]
>> And in most countries,
ayahuasca ceremonies must be
conducted in secrecy, because
the prohibition of DMT,
the active component
in the brew.
And those that
facilitate or partake
are constantly at
risk of persecution.
Colonization and
the war on drugs
has made it so that even the
indigenous people can't partake
in their own spiritual
practices in most places, which
is why this conference
is so interesting.
>> [SINGING NON-ENGLISH]
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
[APPLAUSE]
>> So what does being at this
conference actually accomplish?
The biggest takeaway
seems to be that we all
have so much common ground.
Each belief and
religion and ideology
seems to be all a tool in the
toolkit helping us reconnect
to our own divine nature.
Yet all these acknowledged
belief systems
haven't been enough
to steer humanity
into a peaceful,
sustainable existence.
And with the current
dire state of affairs,
we need all hands on deck.
>> There are entheogenic
plants, cacti,
and mushrooms that have been
facilitating direct connection
with the divine
since ancient times.
But the knowledge
of these plants
has been repressed
by colonization.
We believe it's divine timing
for the interfaith community
to be open and honest about
the value of entheogenic plants
for religious practices.
>> Because until we recognize
these practices as legitimate
on a global scale, people and
the world are actually missing
out on profound spiritual and
psychological healing exactly
at the time when we
need it the most.
[APPLAUSE]